DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MARUCHO: In the last episode,
my parents and I moved into Dan's neighborhood
into our new house!
I invited Runo and Dan over and unexpectedly,
this strange Bakugan
who called himself Preyas showed up!
He was kind of cute.
And then, Super Sync Sound Extravaganza dropped in!
Super Sync Sound!
What we didn't know was that they were sent by Masquerade
to battle us and steal our Bakugans!
Change of Attribute!
That's Preyas's special ability.
He can change his Attribute any time during battle.
BAKU-POD: Battle intensity increasing to maximum strength.
Preyas Attack!
Good job, Preyas...
You were awesome!
Ah, it was nothing. Time for lunch.
Hey Dan...
How about you and I spend a little quality time together?
Oh yeah... I'm up for anything!
Alright... Time to get busy!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ready to battle, Danny?
Aquos Fear Ripper Stand...
'Kay, her Fear Ripper is sitting at 300 Gs...
But I gotta sneaky feeling she's hiding a card
and is gonna crank it up!
Are you going to battle or what?
DAN: Yeah, yeah, just chill!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Don't tell me that's your best move?
You haven't seen nothin' yet...
Hey, it's your funeral, boy!
I think he's playin' you, Jen!
Oh please...
like you could do better?
Hey girlfriend, you ready to party?
Bakugan... Brawl!
Get out of the way, Bud.
Oh no.
Saurus Stand!
BAKU-POD: Battle Status- Saurus at 320 Gs.
Falconeer at 300 Gs.
DAN: Watch this, Marucho...
Gate Card...
Open!
BAKU-POD: Falconeer power increase.
DAN: Now you're mine!
Ability Card Activate!
Time to combine Subterra and AQOUS!
BAKU-POD: Saurus to 420 Gs.
Oh snap!
I'm gonna be creamed!
DAN: It's gone!
Ah too bad...
It must be harder to take when you're beaten by a girl!
\u266a We win, you lose
[laughter]
Sorry you lost, Dan!
DAN: I can't believe they sent my Bakugan
to the Doom Dimension!
DRAGO: That is true, but you let your guard down...
Huh?
Now I get it...
By diagonally combining the attributes of their AQOUS
and Subterra Ability Cards, they simply overpowered you...
DAN: And that means they blocked me
from combining the powers of my Bakugan
leaving me a sitting duck!
You knew!
So why didn't you tell me, Marucho?
Hey, simmer down, mister
or I'll have to show you who's boss around here!
Man...
DRAGO: There is a solution.
Preyas has the ability to change attributes on his own.
Drago's right, Dan!
If Preyas changes into Subterra mode,
then he'll be in a diagonal relationship with AQOUS,
which is me!
DAN: And if he changes to Darkus mode
then he aligns with Pyrus, which is me!
Now you've got it!
This isn't over!
We can still do this!
Bakugan Brawl!
Juggernoid Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Water Refrain!
According to my calculations, no one else will be able
to use an Ability Card.
Thusly blocking them from activating their Attributes
diagonally!
Oh yeah?
Watch!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Garganoid Stand!
We rock!
Daniel, look!
Huh?
DRAGO: There are two AQOUS Bakugan
pitted against each other!
DAN: Then that means...
Tsunami!
Their combined power's created a Tsunami Wave!
DRAGO: And it could be worse if they engage their Aquos Siege!
Here's the deal, guys, our only hope is to defeat them
and the quicker the better!
No Dan...
We must secure our position and make a stand against them!
Are you nuts?
Trust me.
I believe my calculations are correct.
Yeah, okay,
I think I know what you're gettin' at
so we better get started before we lose another Bakugan!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Serpenoid Stand!
Card Gate Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Saurus Stand!
So...
seeing as it's your plan, it's your move!
I believe it's fairly simple...
As you can see we have your Pyrus, my Aquos
and if we add the light attribute Haos
onto the battlefield,
it will complete our line of defense.
Fire...
Water...
Light...
the Triangle of the Hexagonal Magic Circle!
I am totally clueless!
But I'm guessing whatever this triangle-thingie is,
it'll boost our power!
Something like that.
We just need Preyas...
He's our Haos source.
[scared] Me?! You're kidding!
Are you saying you want me to go in there
and risk being sent to the Doom Dimension?
No! Not me! No way!
Yes!
[screaming]
So, are you all ready to go?
Nooo!
We're counting on you!
Oh, alright... fine.
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
Mind if I play?
Be serious!
Ya mind?
This is my party!
Ooohhhhh...
Change of attribute!
What'd ya think? Too much?
Cut it out!
You idiot!
You morphed into Darkus!
We need Haos!
I can't do anything right, can I?
Not the brightest Bakugan...
Hey, I heard that!
Gate Card Open! Right now!
BAKU-POD: Saurus Power Level Increase.
[shrill cry]
Little trouble here!
Someone call 9-1-1!
And if it's not too much trouble...
HURRRRRYYY!
Whoa!
BAKU-POD: Water Refrain Negated.
MARUCHO: What's going on?
Do something, Marucho!
Ability Card Activate!
Time to combine Darkus and Pyrus!
Quick! I'm freaking out, man!
BAKU-POD: Preyas... 400 Gs.
[yell]
He didn't go down!
[laughs]
Boy, that was too close for comfort!
I almost lost my Preyas!
Luckily I remembered to link up the Pyrus and Darkus forces
at the last minute and pull it off!
Oh please...
I was in control the whole time...
Why you ungrateful little Bakugan!
DRAGO: A very careless display, Preyas...
Hey, lighten up, would ya?
After all, I did WIN!
Holler at ya girlfriend, it was max playin',
against a sista who backs what their sayin'...
You da bomb, girlfriend!
And this battle is about to end!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl...
AQOUS... Siege!
AQOUS Siege?
I had a funny feeling they weren't finished with us yet!
I love this game!
Okay girl, it's time to get your swerve on!
Ability Card Activate!
Tsunami Wave!
Heads up!
There was nothing in the Bakugan handbook
about giant waves!
[nervous shudder]
Hey you guys, that's cheating!
[girls laugh]
Oh, sorry about that, boys...
Yeah, our bad...
Hey, Brawlers, we'll be right back after these messages!
And now back to Bakugan Brawlers!
DAN: Hey, ya twisted twins!
You cheated!
Time to crank it up a notch!
BAKU-POD: Present standings-
Battle tied at one game each.
So what'd ya say we play by their rules?
Yeah...
Gate Card Set!
It's up to you, Drago...
Bakugan Brawl!
Stand!
Centipoid Stand!
Okay, Gate Card Open!
DRAGO: Ring of flame!
BAKU-POD: Drago Power Increase.
DAN: Do it, Drago!
I boosted your power to 420Gs!
And your fire attribute should squash that bug big time!
Ability Card Activate!
Hooking up Subterra to AQOUS!
DAN: Oh no!
BAKU-POD: Centipoid Power Increase!
Ability Card Activate!
Attractor!
Watch it, boys!
We've just linked up our Bakugan to battle together!
Impossible!
That makes it two against one!
There's no way we stand a chance!
BAKU-POD: Challenger increase to 530 Gs.
Sorry...
but you lose again...
MARUCHO: Not yet...
Watch and learn!
Counter Ability Card Activate!
I'm betting if I reverse the diagonal relationship
and hook Pyrus up with Darkus,
it neutralizes their combination attack!
PREYAS: Ready or not!
Oh yoo hoo, Mister Dragon...
I heard a rumour that you're looking for a dance partner...
You're wearing on me, Preyas!
JENNY: Hey! No fair!
Since when is it okay for Predator to crash the party!?
Don't you know it's against the rules!?
I wanna launch an official protest!
According to the rules,
they can use a diagonal move
to counter attack.
Change of Attribute!
Darkus!
Ta-da...
MARUCHO: It's working!
BAKU-POD: Sensing Power Surge.
[scream]
DAN: Drago!
Ability Card Activate!
DRAGO: Boosted Dragon!
[scream]
This is worse than a bad hair day!
BAKU-POD: Combined Power to 1020 Gs.
Yeah!
We did it...
didn't we?
Yess!
At least we're popular...
Huh?
Too easy!
So tell me guys, did you win?
I know you love this game, girls...
but if you ask me, battling for that creep Masquerade
is not the smartest thing in the world to do...
Then again, if you ever wanna hook up...
Who cares about Mascara when there's two hunky homeboys
like you two to battle!
Yo yo girl, we've got to roll!
That's right, I completely forgot all about it...
We've got a show tonight!
Super Sync Sound Extravaganza rocks!
See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya!
DRAGO: I fully realize my understanding of your language
is limited,
however, I do believe the word for those two
would be 'flakes.'
TIGRERRA: They were mildly amusing creatures
to say the least, Drago.
DRAGO: What concerns me is the one you call Masquerade...
PREYAS: If you ask me, I say we challenge that varmint
to a showdown!
Well Drago...
What'd ya think?
C'mon you guys, spill!
DRAGO: I believe now is the right time for me to explain
about the universe I come from...
You mean Vestroia, right?
The place where all Bakugan come from.
That is correct.
Vestroia is a vast dimension
comprised of six attribute worlds.
You humans would know them better as fire, earth, light,
the dark side, water and wind.
In the very center of our universe
there are two opposing cores.
Infinity, the source of all positive energy and...
the Silent Core, the source of all negative energy.
These two opposing forces maintained the equilibrium
of our dimension.
But there was one rogue Bakugan who,
in his lust for control, schemed to seize
all of the power for himself.
This had never happened in our universe before.
His name was Naga.
And his mission was to penetrate the core
and seize the power.
But this had never been done before.
Somehow, however, he didn't succeed
and he released all the negative energy.
It has affected us,
and now, it has spilled into your world!
And everyone didn't live happily ever after!
And that's it. Bye bye.
[gasps]
DAN: Oh man, this is all starting to make sense now!
All those cards musta fallen through some kinda worm hole
or somethin' into our world.
And the crazy thing is, everyone who found them
just thought they were just some kinda game.
Boy, were we ever wrong!
PREYAS: No kidding!
You think I came here for my health?
Before Naga screwed everything up, I was just a cute,
peace loving Bakugan!
Knuckle sandwich!
Why can't we all just get along?
Did anyone get...
the number of that bus?
PREYAS: Well, the next thing I know,
I wake up in your world!
I was freaked!
My past was a foggy memory!
I only knew I had to find myself!
Find the cute and cuddly Preyas I remembered
deep down inside of me!
A Bakugan who loved long walks on the beach, a warm fire,
a good book...
Ah, gee Preyas, that's almost interesting,
but you mind not interrupting again?
Sorry Drago.
Go ahead and finish your story...
After Naga had disrupted our world and before Bakugan
began entering into yours...
There was one human who entered Vestroia.
[gasp] A human crossed over?
You serious?
DRAGO: Yes.
And he was the one who showed Naga how to enter
the center of the World.
He opened the portal!
That was the last I saw of Naga.
Vestroia fell into a world of shear madness.
The negative power overwhelming the minds
and wills of the Bakugan who lived there.
The violence escalated
and it seemed there would be no end to it!
That's went I decided to enter your realm and put a stop
to this insanity.
When I crossed over, you were in the middle
of one of your games.
That's the first you saw of me, Daniel!
DAN: Yeah, I remember!
The vision I had a while ago!
It seemed real!
[scream]
Oh wow...
So how long have you been here, Tigrerra?
TIGRERRA: Just after Drago left Vestroia, I followed.
I realized my world was about to collapse upon itself
and our only hope to save it was to come to your world.
Just before I left...
I saw the Infinity Core leaving Vestroia
to enter your realm...
forever!
DRAGO: Naga must have summoned it here...
Now our mission is to return the two Cores, otherwise,
Vestroia is doomed...
For... real?
DRAGO: We must find the human who corrupted Naga's mind...
But who is he?
DRAGO: If I remember correctly...
it's Michael...
Michael who?
[gasp]
Hang on a sec, you guys!
Where'd I put it!
I just saw it here!
Okay, you are not gonna believe this!
Check this out!
Yeah...
I hate to break it to you,
but that's your seventh grade science book...
JULIE: For your information, Runo,
I'm not as stupid as you look!
[scream]
I'M NOT STUPID!
JULIE: Hey... just relax, Runo...
I think I know who this Michael is...
Is this the dude?
DRAGO: Yes! That's him! That's him!
MARUCHO: That's Dr. Michael Gehahbich,
the multi-gazillionaire scientist.
Last I heard is
he went missing a couple of years ago...
The guy's a total geek!
RUNO: What'd you know about this guy?
PREYAS: I know he needs a total make-over and quick before...
Would you zip it?
You're not helping the situation
with your lame jokes, Preyas!
Okay...?
I know this is going to sound kinda weird, but,
do you guys think it's possible that
when this Dr. Michael went missing,
he really crossed over to Vestroia ?
No, sounds too far fetched to me...
Wait a sec, you think there's a connection
between Masquerade and this doctor?
This is Hal-G...
How is my little plan coming along...
Masquerade...
Well...
Let's just say you have nothing to worry about, Hal-G...
The more we battle...
the more our Bakugans evolve...
and soon the Infinity Core will be ours!
[laughs]
ALICE: After all these years.
No Grandfather Michael...
You in Vestroia?
It-It can't be!
[sigh]
MASQUERADE: Yes, yes. The Infinity Core will be ours.
Hey, this is Runo!
And coming up on the next Bakugan Brawlers,
we head to the airport to pick up Alice.
Even Dan is there... sorta.
That's where we meet two brothers,
Takashi and Kosuki, who challenge us to a brawl.
Marucho is totally pumped about the battle!
And everything start out okay...
but how does it end?
Well, you'll just have to check it out for yourself
on the next episode of Bakugan Brawlers!
Trust me, this one is gonna be wicked!
Bakugan Brawl!
Let's do this!